config.php: Connects to the sql database. In a seperate file to use the include command in other files.

search.php: Takes input from the search form, queries the input against the music database to search for content, matching against anything like the entered term, then returns and displays any results to the page along with the number of results. If nothing is entered into the form, tells the user to enter a search term.

registration.php: Takes input for username, password, email address, and country, from the registration form, queries the user database and inserts the information into the next available slot in the database. Instead of inserting the password, adds random characters to the password and stores that in place of the password. Also sends an email confirmation upon successful registration. If unable to find the users email address, displays that the email address could not be found. If the email is not sent, displays the email could not be sent.

login.php: Takes input for username and password from the login form, queries the users database and checks the input against the stored information. If the username and password do not match the database, displays that either the username or password is incorrect.

purchase.php: Queries the users database upon a purchase being made, retrieves the email address for that user and sends an email to the user confirming their purchase.

Database design: 3 tables
Table users has 5 columns
id serial number to be unique and autoincrement primary key not null 
username variable character
password variable character
email variable character
country variable character

Table music: 6 columns
artist variable character primary key
song variable character
album variable character
genre variable character
year variable character
publisher variable character

Table merch: 3 columns
artist variable character primary key, relates to primary key from music table
item variable character
size variable character

Queries:
SELECT artist FROM music WHERE song is 'far from home';